Powershell Empire has several major sections to it, which we will be covering in the upcoming tasks.

- **Listeners** are fairly self-explanatory. They listen for a connection and facilitate further exploitation.
- **Stagers** are essentially payloads generated by Empire to create a robust reverse shell in conjunction with a listener. They are the delivery mechanism for agents  .
- **Agents** are the equivalent of a Metasploit "Session". They are connections to compromised targets, and allow an attacker to further interact with the system.
- **Modules** are used to in conjunction with agents to perform further exploitation. For example, they can work through an existing agent to dump the password hashes from the server.

Empire also allows us to add in custom **plugins** which extend the functionality of the framework in various ways; however, we will not be covering this in the upcoming content.

In addition to these practical applications of the framework, it also has a nifty credential storage facility, automatically storing any found creds in a local database, plus many other neat features! Many of these extra features (such as the messaging functionality) are tailored for teams attacking a target; we will not be covering these collaborative features in much detail, but you are encouraged to look at them for yourself!  

There is a problem though. As established previously, our target (the Git Server) does not have the ability to connect directly to our attacking machine. Due to how Empire handles pivoting, we will need to set up a special kind of listener, so before we do that, we will learn the "normal" process for setting up Empire and Starkiller using the already compromised Webserver as a target. Once we have a handle on how Empire operates, we will switch focus to our primary target: the Git Server.  

In each of the following tasks, we will cover the relative section in both the Empire CLI and the Starkiller GUI. You are welcome to pick whichever one you prefer -- or follow along with both!  

Let's set up our first listener!

> [!Question]
>Can we get an agent back from the git server directly (Aye/Nay)?
>`Nay`


**Next step: **[[Empire - Listeners]]